Adding release-note for 0.13.2 (#858)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

weight = 40
+++
<!-- markdownlint-disable no-duplicate-header -->
## v0.13.2

This is a bugfix release:

> * Stop using cluster-owned tag for ASW Security Group lookup.

Reviewer: This release also adds support for OpenShift 4.12, fixes https://github.com/submariner-io/lighthouse/pull/860, https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner/issues/2115, and includes some MTU changes (@yboaron what’s the exact status of 0.13.2? there were some backports and reverts).

Author: MTU bug fix is listed for 0.14.0 release.
I'll add a note about OpenShift 4.12 support

Reviewer: The 0.13.2 release notes need to list _all_ the changes between 0.13.1 and 0.13.2. Readers can’t assume that changes made in 0.14.0 are also in 0.13.2.

Reviewer 2: 2 PRs related to MTU : 

a.  It is now possible to customize the default TCP MSS clamping value set by Submariner also for non-Globalnet deployments, covered in this PR.
b. [ fix MTU bug for OVNK](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner/commit/9067306e47d64775ce0838fb3985a0aadbe4cd1c) , already included in 0.13.1

So, I think that the current proposal covered all MTU issues for 0.13.2

weight = 40
+++
<!-- markdownlint-disable no-duplicate-header -->
## v0.13.2

* Added support for OpenShift 4.12.

> * Service Discovery now returns a DNS error message in the response body when no matching records are found for the query to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Service Discovery now returns a DNS error message in the response body when no matching records are found when queried about
```

Author: We already have this note for 0.14.0,  should I change there as well?

Author: @dfarrell07 ^^

Reviewer 4: Yes, let's fix both for consistency.

  `clusterset.local`. This prevents unnecessary retries.

> * Stop using cluster-owned tag for ASW Security Group lookup.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Stop using cluster-owned tag for AWS Security Group lookup.
```

> * Avoid using api.ipify.org as the first resolver for public-ip.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Avoid using api.ipify.org as the first resolver for public IPs.
```
